edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/clients/S3Client.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.clients.S3Client
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/services/fileservices/impl/FileServiceImpl.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.services.fileservices.impl.FileServiceImpl
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/services/projectservices/impl/UserServicesImpl.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.services.projectservices.impl.UserServicesImpl
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/web/requests/TicketRequest.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.web.requests.TicketRequest
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/model/Comment.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.model.Comment
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/model/User.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.model.User
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/model/Chat.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.model.Chat
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/services/ticketservices/impl/TicketServicesImpl.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.services.ticketservices.impl.TicketServicesImpl
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/services/projectservices/CommentServices.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.services.projectservices.CommentServices
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/web/requests/ChatRequest.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.web.requests.ChatRequest
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/repositories/TicketRepository.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.repositories.TicketRepository
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/repositories/ProjectRepository.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.repositories.ProjectRepository
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/repositories/UserRepository.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.repositories.UserRepository
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/services/projectservices/impl/CommentServicesImpl.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.services.projectservices.impl.CommentServicesImpl
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/services/ticketservices/ITicketServices.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.services.ticketservices.ITicketServices
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/services/projectservices/impl/ProjectServicesImpl.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.services.projectservices.impl.ProjectServicesImpl
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/services/projectservices/UserServices.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.services.projectservices.UserServices
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/repositories/ChatRepository.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.repositories.ChatRepository
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/web/requests/UserRequest.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.web.requests.UserRequest
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/model/enums/TicketStatus.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.model.enums.TicketStatus
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/web/requests/UploadFileRequest.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.web.requests.UploadFileRequest
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/web/handlers/Error.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.web.handlers.Error
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/model/enums/UserRole.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.model.enums.UserRole
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/model/Ticket.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.model.Ticket
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/exception/CommentServiceException.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.exception.CommentServiceException
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/model/Finance.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.model.Finance
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/web/requests/ProjectRequest.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.web.requests.ProjectRequest
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/exception/UserServiceException.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.exception.UserServiceException
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/model/Message.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.model.Message
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/exception/ChatServiceException.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.exception.ChatServiceException
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/services/projectservices/IProjectServices.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.services.projectservices.IProjectServices
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/services/projectservices/impl/ChatServicesImpl.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.services.projectservices.impl.ChatServicesImpl
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.services.projectservices.impl.ChatServicesImpl$1
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/services/projectservices/ChatServices.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.services.projectservices.ChatServices
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/exception/FileServiceException.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.exception.FileServiceException
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/model/Project.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.model.Project
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/services/fileservices/IFileService.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.services.fileservices.IFileService
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/StartappApplication.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.StartappApplication
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/web/handlers/ErrorHandler.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.web.handlers.ErrorHandler
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/exception/ProjectServiceException.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.exception.ProjectServiceException
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/model/enums/TicketType.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.model.enums.TicketType
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/business/repositories/CommentRepository.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.business.repositories.CommentRepository
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/web/controllers/ProjectController.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.web.controllers.ProjectController
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/web/controllers/UserController.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.web.controllers.UserController
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/web/controllers/TicketController.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.web.controllers.TicketController
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/web/controllers/ChatController.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.web.controllers.ChatController
edu/escuelaing/ieti/startapp/web/controllers/UploadFileController.java
 edu.escuelaing.ieti.startapp.web.controllers.UploadFileController
